it's very noisy where I am right now
chiming is Papa actually maybe no Irish
before I lived in New York I lived in
Nashville and that is where I met Sarah
Sarah what is like your YouTube channel
because she's killing it so you
literally went from zero yeah zero
subscribers to not like seven thousand
nine thousand ninety nine thousand in
the span of what like Blair Mon four
months I mean that's crazy so what do
you do in your channel so basically I
talk about travel minimalism I really
got into that lately we kind of got rid
of everything that we own to travel the
world and so I think you really found
like a niche yeah and you're just
killing it and people are as funny it's
crazy yeah I think that's like what for
me as soon as I could find like my
community the niche it just grew a lot
faster because I think if you try to
target a really small group of people
it's so much easier to find your people
faster that if you kind of go for
something that like everybody does like
Beauty which is kind of what I started
with and I struggled with and not only
was there not like growing I just wasn't
enjoying it completely right you know
and she's inconsistent yeah find your
niche be consistent and do you look okay
I'm really glad we were doing yeah and
so she's killing it so yeah alright so
it's going to be a fun summer in the
city I'm excited it's good to have a
little bit of like Nashville here I only
live we were just talking about it I
only live in Nashville it's like 910
months you have there
seven eight months ago we met national
an hour ago here in London
it's like open
we've been called up
nice lines
sorry office
oh my gosh it's like a giant bed so
production room here
oh my gosh people are getting a haircut
I'm here
I
Wow
okay my uber camera just got pulled over
by like three guys that don't even look
like cops shreddies get out getting to
Lewbert
so let's just get out I can get another
uber okay yeah
hey I'm Oberyn can I get your good can I
get another ruber okay yes good good
so it was a freaking weird situation my
mover driver got pulled over by
policemen but it was four dudes and like
clothes like they were just out I was
really weird
I was in that car I was in a Prius when
the car they pulled it over with was
like a normal like van like a sketchy
van I just try to get another uber
driver and he cancelled on me now I'm
stuck in this random place
is it bearable for like
okay okay okay and I guess like they're
having a crackdown on uber uber taxi
drivers yes it really it's an I'm just
trying to find a good place get picked
up by freaking uber I don't know where
I'm good I'm just trying to find a place
I can put it like in the over like
McDonald's I go to McDonald's
interesting night I was finding out
Charlie so you've been like internet
friends so it was good to hang out with
her I don't know it's it's weird I think
one I'm just exhausted and I'm seeing
that you don't take care of yourself if
you don't like sleep a priority it'll
catch up with you and it'll affect your
life in ways that you don't want it like
I I'm not Asian and bliss is there and
he is the amazing creator behind balloon
some of you guys have probably watched
some of this stuff on YouTube and so
usually I'm very I'm very good at going
up to people and talking um so I saw him
at the party and I like I like went up
to him I don't even know what I said now
but it was not it was not a productive
conversation I I don't even remember
what I said now but it was just
anyways I am very excited I have a lot
of fun stuff coming up in the next two
days that I'm looking forward to sharing
with you all so I posted a new that
creative life episode with Mike Montero
you should check it out I'll link it up
and yeah you guys have a fabulous
fabulous rest of your day I have two
more London vlogs coming out for ya
and yeah stay peachy okay bye if you're
out there and you're starting your
career there's a thing that you do and
that thing that you do has value to
people and that thing that you do can
make the world a better place or it can
make the world a worse place and it's up
to you to choose which and it is a
choice which were those things you want
to be which of those things you want to
do and you don't have to work with
people who you don't want to work with
you don't have to work with people who
treat you badly you don't have to work
with people who don't value what you do
for them just walk out right now if
you're sitting there watching this and
you're thinking your boss is an
gather your up walk out go find a
better job you don't have too much time
to do the thing that you do on this
planet
don't waste it working for jerks